Introduction
Welcome to the Slimefun Guide! 
What is Slimefun?
Slimefun is a Plugin for Minecraft that add tons of items in the game.
It has Magic and Technology, whatever suits your interests. (revise)

Getting Started
You’ll need a book named “Slimefun Guide” in your inventory. In case you don’t have one, use the command ‘/sf guide’ to obtain one. 

Now that you have the book. Equip it in your hand, and right-click; or tap if you are in MCPE. 

*Add if locked recipes here*

Upon opening the book; you’ll see a lot of items that you may not understand for now. Don’t get intimidated, you will learn about them later. 

Making Your First Item
For now, select the one that looks like a ‘Crafting Table’ that says “Basic Machines”.

You will be directed to a menu of items that you still don’t understand. Don’t mind them, and just follow my instructions.

Select the one that looks like a ‘Crafting Table’ that says “Enhanced Crafting Table”.

You will notice three (3) sections among the items. The one on the left will give you an information on how to make the item. The one(s) in the middle will tell you the material(s) that you’ll need to make the item. And, the one on the right is the result.

Here’s the recap:
Left Section > Middle Section > Right Section
This is how you make it > These are the materials needed > Here’s the result

Now, lets use what we’ve learned in order to achieve our target item, the “Enhanced Crafting Table”. 

It says in the Left Section that it’s a Multiblock; it says in the description that, in order to make it, we have to build the structure as shown, and it’s not crafted. 

Next, the Middle Section tells us that we’ll need a ‘Crafting Table’ and a ‘Dispenser’ for our structure. After gathering the required materials; all that’s left is to build the structure. It is shown in the Middle 

Section that the ‘Crafting Table’ icon is on top of the ‘Dispenser’ icon. This means that you should place a ‘Dispenser’, then on top of it, place a ‘Crafting Table’.

Then, right-click on the ‘Crafting Table’ to ensure that it works. You should see a message: “You have successfully constructed this Multiblock…”. Congratulations! You have created your first Slimefun item. Great Job!

--Optional—(Not done yet)
Let’s try another recipe; this time it’s a non-multiblock one. Open the Slimefun Guide book. If you’re ever stuck in the “Enchanted Crafting Table” recipe. Select the glowing book on the top-left corner to navigate to the “Basic Machines” items menu. 

But if for some reason you’re back to the Main Menu of the Slimefun Guide book; just select the “Basic Machines” again. 

Now that you’re in the “Basic Machines” item menu. Select the one that looks like a ‘Chest’ that says “Output Chest”. 

Left Section says that, in order to craft the item, you’ll need the “Enhanced Crafting Table”. 

The Middle Section shows a shaped-recipe that requires a ‘Hopper’, ‘Chest’; and 5 pieces of an unfamiliar item, named ‘Lead Ingot’. You may be worrying where to obtain the “Lead Ingots”. Don’t worry, we got you covered. You can obtain five (5) “Lead Ingots” by using the command ‘/sf_guide_new’.
--Then dito yung command. Kasi walang Lead ingot yung newbie—

Using the Slimefun Guide Book
Learning to use the Slimefun Guide book is an important skill in Slimefun item making. It will make your Slimefun item crafting, more efficient. To get started, you must have a copy of the Slimefun Guide book in your inventory. In case you don’t have one; you can use the ‘/sf guide’ command to obtain one. 

Now that you have your Slimefun Guide book. Equip it on your hand, and right-click anywhere; or tap if you’re on MCPE. It should open a menu on your screen; that’s the Slimefun Guide book main menu. You are confused right now on what you are seeing on the menu. These are the things that you need you know about the Slimefun Guide main menu. The items on the top and on the bottom of the menu, are for navigating. Th
